---
date: 2022-05-16
title: Work Package 4 Meeting
---


## *Progress Report*
 
The four ESRs in Work Package 4 have given presentations of their works and progress, and there were active discussions for every presentations.
 
Marcu O Florea – ESR 12, University of Groningen
Marcu presented about his progress and the details of his current research topic. He has prepared and participated for the event of “Health PhD Day” held at Groningen University, Netherlands, and submitted an abstract for a conference. His current research is focusing on understanding on the legal conditions for re-using personal data for scientific research with the FAIR principles. This line of research is influenced by his secondment at Maastricht University which he completed at the beginning of this year.
 
Dawa Chang – ESR 13, Vienna University of Economics and Business
Dawa presented about her secondment at metaphacts and its project plan with introducing who is metaphacts and their main product called “metaphactory.” She also explained about her current progress on collecting the input data and the research collaboration with other KnowGraphs’ ESR. The ESRs have discussed on the technology, methods to-be used, and the mechanisms in terms of NLP part of her research.
 
Maryam Mohammadi – ESR 14, Maastricht University
Maryam presented about the upcoming events and schedules for the second half of 2022 such as the metadata workshop at Lyon, the summer school in July, her secondment in Italy and paper preparations for the relevant conferences. Maryam also showed the preview of her presentation that will be given in ESWC PhD symposium and introduced her research topic of “Automatic construction of metadata for KGs” as well. The ESRs have discussed on the personal data in the metadata and the slides for Maryam’s ESWC PhD symposium.
 
Efstratios Koulierakis – ESR 15, University of Groningen
Efstratios presented and explained about his on-going work of writing. His research consist of two parts; Legal and technical. The main topic of his writing is about “What is the relationship between Knowledge Graphs and data protection?”. He is dealing with the article 25 GDPR, data protection certification, and anonymization methods for the legal part while examining several semantic web tools for technical part of his writing. Efstratios informed that he is preparing for his secondment which will be started from June, 2022, in London. The ESRs have discussed on anonymization methods in his writing and his planned secondment.
   
